The Joe Rogan experience.
You're you're the wild man living in a van now. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You,
you are that eccentric character.
You go from being a television and movie star to being a wild man.
Traveling the land with your vagabond dog that you'd got from another country.
She's a rescue from The Bahamas.
Yeah. Charlie. Yeah. She's rescued from Bahamas. God adorable. By the way.
I love her. She's beautiful.
Surely you are this sixth century character now.
I guess.
So I feel like maybe I feel like in some ways what I'm doing right now is the
most normal thing I've done in my life, but it is actually kind of crazy too.
Crazy compared to people, but I think it fits you like a glove. I really do.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, I like going out into the wilderness. I always have,
and I've been out in this van that I just got, which is amazing.
And I'm going pretty hard with it. Yeah.
Is this the first time you've been tested since you got tested?
The last time on my show.
I got tested one time between, uh, but that's, uh, another interesting story,
but uh, let's hear it. Uh,
well my ex wife asked me to come on our talk show and I hadn't talked to her in
15 years. Oh, we drew drew. Yeah.
So and so was that a trap? It was nice.
It was nice, nervous. It was nice. It was nice. We had a good time. That's cool.
And uh, but I had to get tested to do the show and, uh,
but it was interesting cause you know, I mean, it was very sort of, uh,
interesting thing. Cause you know,
we hadn't talked in 15 years at all at all and uh, and then,
uh, you know, all of a sudden, uh, you know,
got a call from our city and we're coming to the new Chubb and her shows her new
shows really pretty wacky, you know, like she's,
she's getting really kind of electric. You put your hands out for wacky.
Oh yeah. She's definitely pushing it in a very sort of,
I mean I enjoying the show. It's very funny what she is doing. Very, very,
very over the top. Some of the things she does on there.
That's representative hers of her as well.
It reminds me a lot of, of, of her. Why don't you do it as her? Yeah, for sure.
Yeah. She really is like who she really is. I think so. Yeah. Yeah.
Well, as you get older, your league,
you tend to be able to figure out who you really are better. Like,
like with you,
like doing this van thing on the guy living down by the river and the van,
it makes sense to me when you told me you were going to do that,
I'm going to travel across the country and just drive around the van with my dog
and was like, dad, I could see you enjoying that.
Yeah. You know, it's, it's, it's a whole world, man.
It's a whole world that you didn't you that I didn't really even know about.
Like, I didn't know in Canada, it's called crown land here.
It's called BLM land Bureau of land management land.
I'm sure you know all about that from hunting and going out into the wilderness.
I didn't really know about Bureau of land management land and there's certain
apps that will show you all the fire roads,
all the remote places that you can go and do dispersed camping,
go boondocking. There.
Does your van have off-road capabilities? Can you drive on rugged trails? Yeah,
pretty good.
I got like a, it's not, it's not an off-road vehicle. It's a, it's a,
it's a Ram ProMaster, 2,500 it's you know,
a delivery truck that they convert into. A lot of people are doing.
That these days. My friend, Tim Poole did that. He got,
I believe he got a Ram as well. Yeah. This was a Ram. Wasn't a Jamie.
I think it's a Ram as well. And he did the same thing, turned it into a bug out.
Van.
Ram is wider than a, than a Mercedes sprinter van,
which you see a lot of it's wider. So I can actually sleep full width wise.
The beds would wide with wise at the back. But, but uh, you know,
it was just kind of happened pretty randomly.
I saw this clip online and these guys in Arizona who convert the vans,
I called them up. They, they were on shark tank.
They're these guys there's called boho.
This fans called Bahali really cool dude.
Boho, but B O H O.
Yeah. And by the way, uh, they are like, they love this,
that I'm here right now. They're your biggest fan.
They look literally watch every episode of your show.
And so they're going to take a right now.
They're probably really happy that I'm mentioning them on the show, but, um,
they, uh, they were on shark tank. They just, these two young guys,
they started this company where they bought Ram pro masters,
totally independent thing. And they do this great carpentry. Like they build,
build out the inside. It's all Cedar.
Do you have, uh, images of your, your van online?
Yeah. Yeah. That's the inside of the bin there. That's nice. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
And see, like I got my speakers set up and the thing that's,
that's kinda like quirky about this in the Mojave desert.
There's Charlie chillin. Yeah. Yeah.
So when you say you have your studio,
so you're doing your podcast from the road. Yeah, exactly.
And how will you doing it? Like whenever you feel like it,
you just fire up the podcast when you've got something to say and.
Yeah. Cause that thing looks killer in there. Yeah. Yeah. See.
Hello.
You got a little kitchenette set up and how you cook it as there's a vent. Oh,
you got an awning.
And I'm shooting these drone shots too, which are pretty fun. Um.
Rolling drones. Look at this. Yeah.
This isn't the Mojave check out. All those Joshua trees burned.
Those are burned, Joshua trees. But um, so you know, it's,
it's kinda like, you know,
I've always been into the techie kind of building out studio stuff. Right.
So that's where, when I found out about these vans,
the thing that really kind of piqued my interest is the,
the battery and solar technology that exists now.
So there's two solar panels on the roof and in the back I've got these
batteries. Okay. They're, they're really, they're called Battleborn batteries.
They're like really solid.
Like they use them in sailboats to go around the world basically.
And there's four of them and the solar panels are charging them constantly.
So I've built, I've got my computers, I've got my cameras,
I've got my drone, I'm charging batteries all the time.
I've got a refrigerator in there. So I, I, you know, I kind of, you know,
cold beer. Right. And, uh, and, uh, it's sweet.
So I can go out into the middle of nowhere and, uh,
have virtually unlimited electronic capability and just stay there as long as
I want until I run out of food. Wow.
And so those solar panels, how efficient are they like, uh, will they,
they power your studio and all that stuff where you don't have to use your,
your engine.
You don't have to start up and use gas or you run a diesel in your van. No.
Uh, that just,
that just happened to be the way it went because that van was
available. And I got that one, but how was the gas mileage? That's pretty good.
I'll tell you one thing though. I am always filling up.
Like I never let it go below three quarters of a tank because just in case gets,
I never know where I'm going every day. That's the, like,
I got some weird stories over the last six weeks where I've just been like,
not sure where I'm going to sleep and it's the sun's going down.
And then I end up going down a crazy road.
And then the first night I got stuck in the Mojave desert
because I looked up on this app, dispersed fire road, I'm thinking, Oh,
that's pretty cool. You know that I get there,
there's a sign that says tortoise's crossing careful.
I didn't start driving out into the desert. I'm 200 yards in,
I get stuck because it's the soft sand gets stuck in the soft sand.
So I've been a little more careful, but,
but get out and you get stuck in the soft sand called AAA. Oh,
that was a hundred yards from the, from the, from the freeway.
It was gotten into it yet. It was so pathetic. It was hilarious actually,
because I've been planning for months, you know?
And then all of a sudden I'm like, I'm seeing the, you know, the free,
this was our stars.
Before we get into your adventure. And I want to,
I want to get more into this van bill. Yeah.
So you started it out with just buying this van.
Is it a new van or did you buy it brand new? Yeah.
So you bought a brand new van and then you bring it to these boho guys and these
guys w what do they do they ask you? What do you planning on doing?
You plan on using this as a studio?
Like your idea from the jump was to do your podcast on the road with
no, no plans other than your own whims. Right.
So when, when you do something like that,
how do you know what you're going to need?
You didn't really have any experience in like off-roading or that kind of not
really living out of a van. How did you know what you're going to need? Like,
how did you research it?
Hmm. Yeah. So, well, there's, there's a couple of categories of research.
One was just building the studio itself. So I built the studio at home first.
That was just the, the, you know, nitty gritty technical stuff, you know?
And what kind of microphones, what kind of, uh,
amps and preamps I'm going to use. And I have some apps that use tubes.
I got rid of those because I figured the tubes had rattled out in the dirt road,
so boring techie stuff. But, uh,
but as far as the survival and the food and the,
and all of that, and the van they'd been real great.
Like I built my studio equipment into a row case,
and I know I knew that I thought, well, that could fit under the bed.
And then we sort of planted over,
there's a little door that opens and you can access it under the bed.
And we've wired all the cables through the walls. And, uh,
it's pretty efficient. So, uh, so you had everything.
You need to do a podcast down into one box.
You can just pull that box out and then you're ready to roll.
Actually, it's, it's actually permanently housed under the bed. So I just,
I have a table that pulls out that table. I was sitting out there, um,
and just under there a little door opens microphones plugged in and away you go.
But the other side of it is like a lot of the video stuff too. Like the drone,
the cameras, like I've,
I've got some new cameras that I'm kind of messing with that are exciting to me.
And so, so I'm kind of out there. The thing that I was thinking, I was thinking,
and I get bored out here. Yeah. That's what I was going to ask.
I'm all alone or lonely. I'm not going to get bored or lonely.
And I haven't because I've populated the van with
stuff to do. So when I get bored of the drone, then, uh, I'm making music too.
So I've made a, uh,
it's a recording music studio to kind of music while I'm doing some sort of
different stuff. I've got my acoustic guitar. So I'm going to start doing some,
some, uh, country rap type of,
you're going to go on tour country rap. I call it crap. Joe,
it's continuing to go on tour. Maybe, maybe, yeah. As a singer.
Oh yeah, no, I could see that. No, I don't know. I don't know. I mean,
I probably maybe incorporate it into my standup or something like that.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere, but after December 1st,
they will only be available on Spotify, but they will be free.
That includes the video. The video will also be there. It'll also be free.
That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify much. Buh-bye.
Okay.